---
layout: post
category: Fitness
title: Gap Program J&T 2.0 Week 1/2
published: true
---

## Gap Jacked and Tan 2.0 Week 1

[Link to the my program and Daily updated progress](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1D_HpN9KOJpZ7pjtmVQSacaMJ5cHJ4TrFMXki23ocXls/edit?usp=sharing)


### Monday Day 1

Tough, period. Still not over this weird funk I'm in. It's a bit of complacency mixed in with lots of lethargy. I can't complete a workout without yawning, having cold sweats, and nearly falling asleep or passing out. Anyways...

Day 1 started with finding a 10rm, started 60kg, 85kg, 100kg, 110kg and stopped there, I got 120 on my back and despite doing 120kgx10 two weeks ago, I knew I wouldn't be able to today. Then did 100kg for 3x6reps. **I took a 15 minute break since I felt like passing out, not because it was difficult but because it was this weird lethargy and yawning, mid workout during the middle of the day.** Next was close stance squats, 60kg for 3x15reps, easy. Then I did overhand rows 60kg for 3x15reps. Underhand was next but I didn't complete it, I was just too tired. I decided to stop. After dinner I did some more squats, up to 100kg for 3x10reps. I did some more Overhand Barbell rows, 60kg for 3x15reps. Then did snatch grip Romanian Deadlifts, was taking it light and did 60kg for 3x20reps.

### Tuesday Day 2

Better than yesterday still not great. 

| Tier | Exercise | Weight | Rep | Set | Notes | 
|---|---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:| 
| 1 | Bench | 185 | 10 | 1 | Grindy |
| 1 | Bench | 165 | 6 | 3 | Easy | 
| 2 | Close-grip bench | 135 | 10 | 3 | Easy | 
| 2 | Reverse-grip bench | 115 | 15 | 3 | Annoying |
| 2 | Overhead Press | 85 | 15 | 3 | Semi-grindy | 
| 3 | Disc lateral-raise | 10 | 20 | 3 | Easy | 
| 3 | Wide Grip Bench | 135 | 20 | 3 | Grindy towards end | 

Day 2, finding a 10rm bench, ended up with 185. This was pretty grindy, I was really hoping to get more than 185 or more than 10@185 since it matches my old PB from more than 8 weeks ago. After this was 165x3x6 bench. Directly into Close grip bench 135x4x10 which was pretty easy. I took 15 minute break since I was getting tired then started reverse grip bench starting at 95 and ending at 115x3x15. Stopped here, had dinner, then took a nap. Woke up then did OHP working up to 85 for my working sets, I tried 95 but got to 10 and failed. Started my T3 and completed lateral raises each hand 10x3x20, and wide grip bench working up to 115x3x20. I did not complete Pec flye or skull crushers.
