---
published: true
title: A bit of reflection
layout: post
category: Thoughts
---
## A bit of reflection

It's been one of those weeks, and I am in one of those moods so lets start off this blog category with som reflection. My life's been good, can't complain at all honestly; good family, good educationn so far, I was on a path to success ... but then I changed. I can't really pinpoint any one thing, and I can tell you, I've tried. I wish I could find that one event that triggered this landslide. But I can tell you the period which it started, or rather when and what I think started it. 

I was in autopilot all my life up until maybe 17, serious autopilot, the kind you experience when you leave point A, and then find yourself at point B with no recollection of how you got there. I don't mean that I don't remember anything, but rather I didn't feel like I was making decisions, or concious choices. Then I started messing around with drugs and stuff, I wouldn't say I was too deep in that scene but I had lots of experience with a variety of substances, and then as I was pushing the point of no return, I suddenly reflected. A moment of reflection, and understanding that that route was not a good one and that things needed to change. And so they did. But that reflection was not such a small one where you change an outlook on one single thing, this reflection spurred an existential crisis that slowly crept up on me. It would be a few years before I would experience the delayed shock. But in the meantime I just had a new outlook on life, one that consisted of making your own path in this meaningless world, while not understanding the implications of a meaningless world. 

I graduated highschool, went to college with a goal of being an electrical engineer. First year was easy, approaching the second year I decided to do a study abroad semester and with it came an internship for a summer at a graduate research lab. This is when I started to feel the symptoms. It started with something like "Imposter syndrome", pretty self explanatory. But it started to branch off from that into all aspects of my life, whether it be relationships, body-dysmorphia, and starting to view yourself as lower than what you are. It graduated to full blown depression, but not yet constant depression, it was an intermittent form where you were only depressed when you thought about something to remind you of it. Almost every night during that summer internship I would walk up the fourth floor of a parking garage and look over the edge, contemplating who knows what while knowing full well I would need at least a 7 floor fall to guarantee death. 

The actual study abroad came along, and for the first month of the semester things were going well, they were going as they did the first year of college. Up until they didn't. Classes got harder, and I didn't view myself as I did in the past, the seeds of depression were already sewn and it started going downhill. I didn't go to the gym any more, I didn't attend most of my classes, I negelected my health. I neglected the only friend I had at that time, and cut off someone that was maybe a little less vulnerable than myself. I would write in this document what I was thinking, feeling, and not feeling, eventually it got up to like 3,000 words. I was in this state of suicidal contemplation but drawing a clear line. Ultimately I would fail all but two courses. Ultimately I would hit slightly above rock bottom.

Then I went back to miami, and hit rock bottom. I started a new semester, went to class for the first months thinking "this is it, I am better than this, I can do this", and then my mental went boom. Hit rock bottom, was dealing with full blow depression, would not eat, would only, sleep and go on my computer. Started talking to myself, started cutting myself. It wasn't too pleasant of a time. I was home but it didn't feel that way, I didn't want my family to see me in that state I was ashamed. I lied about the progress of my courses. Nothing new. Started going to therapy, came to terms that I was suicidal but didn't let my therapist know because they would have to baker act me. So I was going to therapy and nothing was getting solved, but this was not fault of my therapist. We simply could not find a solution, nor pinpoint the cause of this. How do you help someone that doesn't think help is the solution, someone who thinks this world is absurd. This person either, kills themselves, deludes themselves into finding a meaning, or lives in search of a meaning/just survives. I fell into C. where these feelings would only dilute themselves or I would neglect them into recesses of my mind. And that's what I did.  Oh and I failed all my courses.

Summer came around, I started a new semester, started medication. Time passes. Neither work out.  I failed all my courses but one. No change, still suicidal, become more manic, develop an anxiety disorder and mild schizophrenia.

Summer turned into fall, a new semester began, failed all my courses.  I simply lacked all motivation, depression was in full swing. I found myself somedays with a rope around my neck and the other end on my doorknob. I determined partial suspension hanging was probably the way I would go. There was also pentobarbitol which I really wanted to use, but eventually it was too much of a pain to procure. So I kept on doing nothing all day. But as the new year turned around I lost all resentment towards myself and felt more of lack of care. I didn't care about anything anymore. C was in full swing. I started trying to better myself. 

Happy new years! 2019 the year everything would change, or so I thoughts, spring semster, I failed all my courses. I'd like to say I tried but as I type this I am missing a final, I would fail it anyway so why go. Up until two months ago I was planning to buy a gun and blow my brains out. Then while not specifically deciding not too, I just didn't decide to do it. I lack a purpose, I tried to join the airforce looking for a purpose, looking for a place with a guaranteed job, but whomp whomp whomp... what do you know. They don't take in defective parts and pieces, parts that were at one point diagnosed with Depression, OCD, and being on the spectrum. Not bueno. So now you can find me at my computer, typing my story, without a purpose and plan. I don't enjoy my degree anymore, and don't know if my school will even let me stay another year after failing 4semesters in a row. I have no financial aid and don't want to find myself in debt. So what is a  boy to do. I will probably work a part time job somewhere soon, or waste what's left of my saving on a trip. 

Thats it for now. Recap: Early onset Existential depression, add some regular depressive symptoms, a sprinkle of schizophrenia, ocd, and autism. Repress that all then add in lack of motivation and purpose. Then you've got me! See you next post!
